# The unwrapping of un_wrap

I became aware of the devastating effects of plastic pollution a few years ago and began reducing the amount of plastic I used. But last year it really hit home. I took a trip to Indonesia and saw rivers filled with bottles and I stayed on islands loading mounds of plastic onto boats. The effects of plastic pollution over there are so apparent, you can’t ignore them.

Later in the year I planned a second trip – to walk El Camino de Stantiago in Spain. A 500 mile thru-hike. I wanted to be out in nature all day, with little other purpose. Wanting a challenge and to raise awareness - I pledged to walk the 500 miles refusing all single-use plastics, carrying as little as humanly possible. I got people talking about the plastic issue, I raised money for Surfers Against Sewage & created a campaign called #500greenmile.

I came home from the walk with the idea of opening a plastic free shop that provides only ethically sourced, package free goods.  I soon discovered the only zero waste shop in the country (Earth Food Love, in Totnes) and I knew Falmouth would be the perfect place to build my dream. Despite suddenly being very busy with a PGCE to become a primary school teacher, I worked tirelessly. We opened on July 21st 2018, a week after I became a qualified teacher ...

The most rewarding thing about running a shop is being part of the community. I have the opportunity to give so much and the love I receive in return is unsurmountable. One of the biggest driving forces behind my idea was being able to supply Falmouth with sustainable choice and solutions, it feels great to be achieving this. It also really suits me being my own boss! And I enjoy giving talks & running courses on plastic pollution, zero waste living & starting your own sustainable business.
